I'm going up since when Gaara gives you
this transformation of Simsek
smartphones like Samsung Galaxy FM doers
with operating system of at heard 4.1.2
with jellybean touch the screen it is
dual sim smart form in that you can only
use mini sim so let's we start with its
3.5 inches TFT capacitive touchscreen
that's the starting up price I give you
firstly its internal memory Oh
2gb that's what and and 512 mb ram and
have one gigahertz processor most
hopefully the games can run in it so we
firstly start with its Kimbra of 5
megapixels with primary camera so let's
watch a good picture can you click from
it
so let's watch guys I got quality in
knightmon you can say yes you have
camera with LED flash let's watch let's
watch a perfect quality of image you can
get from in it with autofocus a best
quality camera and have secondary camera
of 0.3 megapixel and takes good pictures
as you like then let's talk about its
battery makeup so it has 13 1300 mAh
wear to become a usual battery which is
sufficient for you
it is also support multi-touch screen
systems then guys I give you its video
quality boy that's what little bit
it gives you high quality video playing
you can also enjoyed it in it the best
quality of mp4 movies movies now it's
it's only for you so guys it's that fits
it setting and functions
that's what here bye-bye Wi-Fi hotspots
bluetooth Tata uses more settings you'd
see all on screen modes but blocking
mode sound display storage battery
backup
you can also knows about your download
imagine that's what's here Google
services Maps best quality of running
systems rock screens best types let's
watch here to sacred security settings
clouds for moisturize you can see yeah
you can also see here the motion sensors
which is you can on and off a good
quality of motion sister you can do
anything
the other option about device let's
watch even deformations and model number
you can see here GTS
six eight one two this device is to poke
hurts you can also run the games like
temple run subway supports and many more
I don't die already because there is
some problems with my memory he hurts
you see some functions here on the
status parts of this moment
it also supports a horrible web browsing
you can love in it there is only two big
problems in this mobile which is which
can not like the you to buy it is that
the small string it is the small screen
and second is the short battery become
hope it is well in this if you are in a
strict budget then go for it it is good
for night users let's watch again the
things good touchscreen good kappa to
touch the screens with one gigahertz
processor very good paper housing you
can see put functions this is the only
oath about its small touchscreen and its
battery back on so guys thank you for
joining with me for more videos you can
subscribe to my channel thank you